The chief cause of failure and unhappiness is trading what you want most for what you want right now. by Zig Ziglar
Your happiness is what truly matters most. Do what you have to do in order to be happy. by Brian Tracy
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. by Laozi
Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday. by Brian Tracy
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. by Henry David Thoreau
A day wasted on others is not wasted on one's self. by Charles Dickens
A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, - a mere heart of stone. by Charles Darwin
What we know is a drop, what we don't know is an ocean.  by Isaac Newton
You are free, and that is why you are lost. by Franz Kafka
If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near. by Sun Tzu
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. by George Bernard Shaw
Don't let making a living prevent you from making a life. by John Wooden
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.  by Jack London
If the happiness and prosperity of other people depend on you, you have nothing to fear anymore. by Robert Greene
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.  by James Matthew Barrie
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. by Thomas Jefferson
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. by Theodore Roosevelt
Society is composed of two great classes those who have more dinners than appetite, and those who have more appetite than dinners. by Nicolas Chamfort
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity. by Og Mandino
Each problem has a positive side. by Og Mandino
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded. by Ralph Waldo Emerson
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. by Elbert Hubbard
When you're at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on. by Theodore Roosevelt
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.  by Voltaire
Don't let making a living prevent you from making a life. by John Wooden
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.   by Jack Kerouac
It is useless to meet revenge with revenge; it will heal nothing. by J.R.R. Tolkien
The only way it gets better for you is when you get better. Better is not something you wish, it's something you become. by Jim Rohn
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever. by Roy T. Bennett
Leadership is solving problems by Colin Powell
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. by F. Scott Fitzgerald
Every experience is a lesson. Every loss is a gain. by Sathya Sai Baba
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind. by Napoleon Hill
Time heals what reason cannot.   by Seneca
Great acts are made up of small deeds. by Lao Tzu
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. by John Wooden
Everything starts with a dream. A particle of our imagination that teases us of what the future could be like, as long as we fight for it. by Gurbaksh Chahal
Confidence breeds beauty.   by Estee Lauder
What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature! by Charles Darwin
Life is like playing the violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. by Samuel Butler
Wheels of justice grind slow but grind fine. by Sun Tzu
Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. Always. by Robin Williams
The only people without problems are those in cemeteries. by Tony Robbins
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible. by Les Brown
Leave the beaten track behind occasionally and dive into the woods. Every time you do you will be certain to find something you have never seen before. by Alexander Graham Bell
The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear. by Rumi
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe. by Abraham Lincoln
The best way out is always through. by Robert Frost
Short cuts make long delays. by J.R.R. Tolkien
Be - don't try to become  by Osho
Make yourself so useful to other people, that they think you are irreplaceable. by Og Mandino
Everyone has oceans to fly, if they have the heart to do it. Is it reckless? Maybe. But what do dreams know of boundaries. by Amelia Earhart
Decide whether or not the goal is worth the risks involved. If it is, stop worrying. by Amelia Earhart
I wasn't brave, I just didn't have time to be scared. by Amelia Earhart
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. by Ralph Waldo Emerson
The most important things are the hardest to say. by Stephen King
If light is in your heart, you will find your way home.   by Rumi
In life you need either inspiration or desperation. by Tony Robbins
Forget mistakes. Forget failure. Forget everything except what you are going to do now and do it. Today is your lucky day! by Og Mandino
In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit. by Anne Frank
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. by Sun Tzu
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner. by Lao Tzu
Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.   by Zig Ziglar
Every day is an opportunity to a make a new happy ending. by Jonathan Swift
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you. by Bette Midler
The question is not what you look at, but what you see. by Henry David Thoreau
My mind seems to have become a kind of machine for grinding general laws out of large collections of facts. by Charles Darwin
The biggest mistake we could ever make in our lives is to think we work for anybody but ourselves. by Brian Tracy
The question is not what you look at, but what you see. by Henry David Thoreau
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. by Vince Lombardi
Be the silent watcher of your thoughts and behavior. You are beneath the thinker. by Eckhart Tolle 
Failure is feedback. Learn from it and move on. by Jack Butcher
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom. by James Allen
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.   by Zig Ziglar
Lost Time is never found again. by Benjamin Franklin 
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. by Thomas Edison
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people. by Roy T. Bennett
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. by Audrey Hepburn
If you go out looking for friends, you're going to find they are very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere. by Zig Ziglar
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy. by Sun Tzu
At every moment where language can't go, that's your mind. by Bodhidharma
The first rule of business; treat others like they want to treat you. by Charles Dickens
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming. by John Wooden
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts. by Will Rogers
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success. by Alexander Graham Bell
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.  by Voltaire
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions. by Albert Einstein
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves. by Lao Tzu
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak. by Sun Tzu
Patience is a form of wisdom. It demonstrates that we understand and accept the fact that sometimes things must unfold in their own time. by Jon Kabat-Zinn
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. by Elbert Hubbard
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone elses. life. by Steve Jobs
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. by Seneca
Give more than you think you can, trusting that you are richer than you think. by Jon Kabat-Zinn
Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction. by Anne Frank
It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a lifetime. by Steve Maraboli
Each problem has a positive side. by Og Mandino
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets. by Steve Maraboli
Talent is luck. The important thing in life is courage. by Woody Allen
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. by Thomas Jefferson
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.  by Samuel Beckett
What is planted in each person's soul will sprout.   by Rumi
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. by Confucius 
A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it. by Dogen
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.  by Martin Luther
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts. by John Wooden
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. by Mahatma Gandhi
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.   by Zig Ziglar
Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. by Thomas Jefferson
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and man. by Mark Twain
Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer. by Sun Tzu
Routine life is unbearable, and most people only think about how to escape into the world of fantasy and dreams. by Robert Greene
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. by Thomas Jefferson
Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.  by Brian Tracy
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. by Dalai Lama
Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success.  by Henry Ford
He who leaves the game wins it. by Nicolas Chamfort
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples. by Mother Teresa
People are weird. When we find someone with weirdness that is compatible with ours, we team up and call it love. by Dr. Seuss
Where violence reigns, reason is weak. by Nicolas Chamfort
Successful people tend to become more successful because they are always thinking about their successes. by Brian Tracy
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees. by Euripides
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. by Carl Jung
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.  by Jack London
Have a vision. Be demanding. by Colin Powell
Keep your eyes on the stars, but remember to keep your feet on the ground. by Theodore Roosevelt
Don't look for meaning in the words. Listen to the silences. by Samuel Beckett
A man is but a product of his thoughts. What he thinks he becomes. by Mahatma Gandhi
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. by Mother Teresa
You can start changing our world for the better daily, no matter how small the action. by Nelson Mandela
He who permits himself to tell a lie once, finds it much easier to do it the second time. by Thomas Jefferson
To be great is to be misunderstood. by Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be polite to all, but intimate with few. by Thomas Jefferson
Most of the evil in this world is done by people with good intentions. by T.S. Eliot
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. by Winston Churchill 
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. by Tony Robbins
Failure is feedback. Learn from it and move on. by Jack Butcher
Begin now to be what you will be hereafter. by St. Jerome
Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power. by Lao Tzu
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. by Carl Jung
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid. by Benjamin Franklin 
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.  by Laozi
Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.   by Zig Ziglar
an action committed in anger is an action doomed to failure.  by Genghis Khan
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. by Colin R. Davis
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.   by Seneca
Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion. by Jack Kerouac
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible. by Les Brown
Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved.  by D. H. Lawrence
We take care of the future best by taking care of the present now. by Jon Kabat-Zinn
It's the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more. by Albus Dumbledore
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.  by Laozi
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. by Albert Einstein
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. by Jim Rohn
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge. by Plato
Some people are old at 18 and some are young at 90. Time is a concept that humans created. by Yoko Ono
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from. by T.S. Eliot
Keep your eyes on the stars, but remember to keep your feet on the ground. by Theodore Roosevelt
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible. by Les Brown
The past is history. It no longer exists, but you are keeping it alive in your mind through your thoughts.  Let it go. It is not serving you. by Sonia Ricotti
True wealth is of the heart, not of the purse. by Og Mandino
The Law of Concentration states that whatever you dwell upon grows. The more you think about something, the more it becomes part of your reality. by Brian Tracy
A day wasted on others is not wasted on one's self. by Charles Dickens
If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near. by Sun Tzu
Words used to attract the dull of wit are not to be relied on. by Huang Po
Life is like playing the violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. by Samuel Butler
Human happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.  by George Washington
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.  by Voltaire
You are not what you think you are, You are not what others think you are, You are what you think others think you are. by Unknown
Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny. by Bob Marley
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor. by James Allen
Forgive those who have hurt you. by Les Brown
Everything you look at can become a fairy tale and you can get a story from everything you touch. by Hans Christian Andersen
He who can, does. by George Bernard Shaw
Anyone who wants to achieve a dream must stay strong, focused and steady. by Estee Lauder
If you done it, it ain't bragging. by Walt Whitman
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. by Henry Ford
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do. by Walt Disney
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. by George Bernard Shaw
To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction. by Isaac Newton
You may delay, but time will not. by Benjamin Franklin 
Decide whether or not the goal is worth the risks involved. If it is, stop worrying. by Amelia Earhart
We are born from a quiet sleep, and we die to a calm awakening by Zhuangzi
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.  by Oscar Wilde
Whatever your mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve. by Napoleon Hill
We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it. by George Bernard Shaw
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is. by Vince Lombardi
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody. by Mark Twain
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny. by Steve Maraboli
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. by Soren Kierkegaard
The more we have the less we own. by Meister Eckhart
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain. by Emily Dickinson
Don't shortchange yourself when it comes to investing in your own better future. by Jim Rohn
